Update IfcSegment.md (#958)
buildingSMART/IFC4.3.x-development: docs/schemas/resource/IfcGeometryResource/Entities/IfcSegment.md

## Attributes

### Transition

> The state of transition (i.e., geometric continuity from the last point of this segment to the first point of the next segment) in a composite curve. Connectivity between the continuous segments is not enforced per se to be tangential. Setting "TangentialContinuity" to True means that the current segment shall continue with tangential continuity to the previous one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The state of transition (i.e., geometric continuity from the last point of this segment to the first point of the next segment) in a composite, gradient, or segmented reference curve.
Connectivity between the continuous segments is not enforced per se to be tangential.
Setting Transition to "CONTSAMEGRADIENT" means that the start of the following segment shall continue with tangential continuity from the end of the current segment.
```

Reviewer: Both IfcCompositeCurveSegment and IfcCurveSegment inherit from IfcSegment.  This attribute is then relevant to segments of IfcGradientCurve as well as IfcSegmentedReferenceCurve in addition to IfcCompositeCurve.

Reviewer 2: GradientCurve and SegmentedReferenceCurve inherit from CompositeCurve, so I think it's better not to nominate a fixed list.  Else you should also add IfcCompositeCurveOnSurface (and it would also need changing if any other sub types are added).  I approve as submitted.
